# Humanoid
ABSTRACT

The world is advancing towards the technological enhancement with an exceptional pace. Machine learning, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Computer Vision are some of the hot buzz technologies that are expanding their reach and everyone is demanding it, whether it be the AI based companies, private organizations, Researchers, and even in defence systems. AI is providing a plethora of possibilities for people to create and grab more opportunities and along with when AI is embedded with other technologies like Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, and Embedded Systems, it becomes a lot more brilliant product.

When Artificial Intelligence and Embedded Systems are together constituted we get some very good results. So we at AMURoboclub will be creating an AI based Humanoid Robot which will be fully functional and will be serving for good reasons. Along with AI it will be having Computer Vision and NLP embedded in it for the visual and audio/text processing. Face Recognition and Chatbot will be some of its functionalities. Also for the working of the bot we will be using a microcontroller and it will serve as a bridge between the programming and the hardware part. Several motors, camera, microphone and speakers will be used in the formation of humanoid bot. Humanoid bot is one of the great innovations of the Science and Technology, a complete combination of software and hardware bind together with AI and other tech to work as one of the greatest advancements of technology.

Humanoid robots have several advantages like they can do things that people can do and even things that people are unable to do. They make mistakes and learn by them and then they don’t repeat it, can do a task again and again. They can be used to teach children or read to them those are unable to do so. They can also be AI-Assistants. There are a lot more advantages and implementations of Humanoid Robots. We hope to make a well equipped and well working Humanoid robot under the guidance of our teachers and faculty.
